Add solver information (#27)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JuliaSmoothOptimizers.github.io: pages/ecosystem/solvers.md

# Solvers Ecosystem

The solver ecosystem in JSO is in constant development.
We are looking into unifying the solver structure to plug-and-play usage of our solvers, subsolvers, and tools.

Within JSO, our solver development has focused on three types of packages:

> - New methods, usually acompanied by research papers

Reviewer: `New methods, usually accompanied by research papers;`

- Our versions of well-known methods;
- Wrappers around noteworthy solvers.

## Solver list

> Below you can see our list. We explain the types of problem below.

Reviewer: Below you can see the list of solvers and the type of problems solved by them.

> | Solver     | Package       | Description                                                  | Types of problem         |

Reviewer: Personally, I found a bit strange that the titles are aligned to the right of the column.

Author: I changed the CSS

| ---------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ |
| `cannoles` | CaNNOLeS.jl   | Regularization method for nonlinear least squares.           | Equality-constrained NLS |
| `dci`      | DCISolver.jl  | Trust-cylinder similar to two-step SQP.                      | Equality-constrained     |

> | `lbfgs`    | JSOSolvers.jl | Line search Limited memory inverse BFGS. Factorization-free. | Unconstrained            |

Reviewer: Factorization-free line search limited memory inverse BFGS.

So, we include the `factorization-free` in the "sentence", what do you think? Same for Tron, Trunk, Percival.

Author: Good idea. Done.

> | `percival` | Percival.jl   | Augmented Lagrangian. Factorization-free.                    | Any constrained          |

Reviewer: Maybe clearer than "Any constrained" we can say mixed-constrained or equality and inequality-constrained, or just general constraints?

Reviewer: Ok, I missed that the "any constrained" is explained below.

Author: I changed to generally-constrained

| `tron`     | JSOSolvers.jl | Trust-region second-order method. Factorization-free.        | Bound-constrained        |
| `tronls`   | JSOSolvers.jl | Least-squares versions of `tron`.                            | Unconstrained NLS        |
| `trunk`    | JSOSolvers.jl | Trust-region second-order method. Factorization-free.        | Unconstrained            |
| `trunkls`  | JSOSolvers.jl | Least-squares version of `trunk`.                            | Unconstrained NLS        |

> 

Reviewer: We can also add [RipQP.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/RipQP.jl) for linearly-constrained quadratic programs.

# Solvers Ecosystem

The solver ecosystem in JSO is in constant development.

> We are looking into unifying the solver structure to plug-and-play usage of our solvers, subsolvers, and tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are looking into unifying the solver structure to make solvers, subsolvers, and tools plug-and-play.
```

Within JSO, our solver development has focused on three types of packages:
- New methods, usually accompanied by research papers;

> - Our versions of well-known methods;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- our implementation of (well- or no-so-well-)known methods;
```

> - Wrappers around noteworthy solvers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- wrappers around noteworthy solvers implemented in other languages.
```

## Solver list

> Below you can see the list of solvers and the type of problems solved by them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below is the list of solvers and the type of problems that they are designed to solve.
```

| Solver     | Package       | Description                                                  | Types of problem         |
| ---------- | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------ |

> | `cannoles` | CaNNOLeS.jl   | Regularization method for nonlinear least squares.           | Equality-constrained NLS |

Reviewer 2: no full stop in this column

> | `dci`      | DCISolver.jl  | Trust-cylinder similar to two-step SQP.                      | Equality-constrained     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `dci`      | DCISolver.jl  | Trust-cylinder similar to two-step SQP.                      | Equality-constrained NLP    |
```
(and similarly in other rows)

> | `lbfgs`    | JSOSolvers.jl | Factorization-free line search limited memory inverse BFGS.  | Unconstrained            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `lbfgs`    | JSOSolvers.jl | Factorization-free linesearch limited-memory inverse BFGS.   | Unconstrained            |
```

| `percival` | Percival.jl   | Factorization-free augmented Lagrangian.                     | Generally-constrained    |

> | `ripqp`    | RipQP.jl      | Regularized Interior-Point Quadratic Programming.            | Linearly-constrained QP  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `ripqp`    | RipQP.jl      | Regularized Interior-Point Quadratic Programming.            | Convex QP (incl. LP)  |
```

> | `tron`     | JSOSolvers.jl | Factorization-free trust-region second-order method.         | Bound-constrained        |

Reviewer 2: 2nd-order or quasi-Newton (depending on the model).

| `tronls`   | JSOSolvers.jl | Least-squares versions of `tron`.                            | Unconstrained NLS        |
| `trunk`    | JSOSolvers.jl | Factorization-free trust-region second-order method.         | Unconstrained            |
| `trunkls`  | JSOSolvers.jl | Least-squares version of `trunk`.                            | Unconstrained NLS        |

> ## Types of problem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Types of problems
```

Our optimization problems can be defined as

$$\text{minimize} \quad f(x) \quad \text{subject to} \quad x \in \Omega.$$

Our constraint types and their meanings are:
- Unconstrained: $\Omega = \R^n$.

> - Bound-constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ \ell \leq x \leq u\}$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bound constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ \ell \leq x \leq u\}$.
```

> - Equality-constraints: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ c(x) = 0\}$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Equality constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ c(x) = 0\}$.
```

> - Any constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ c_L \leq c(x) \leq c_U \}$, where $c_{L_i} = c_{U_i}$ is a valid possibility, as are $c_{L_i} = -\infty$ and $c_{U_i} = \infty$, but not at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generally constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ c_L \leq c(x) \leq c_U \}$, where $c_{L_i} = c_{U_i}$ is a valid possibility, as are $c_{L_i} = -\infty$ and $c_{U_i} = \infty$, but not at the same time.
```

> In addition to constraints differences, we also have different objective types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to differences in the constraints, we also have different objective types:
```

> - **NLS**: Nonlinear Least Squares problems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **NLS**: Nonlinear Least-Squares problems.
```

| `tron`     | JSOSolvers.jl | Factorization-free trust-region second-order or quasi-Newton method | Bound-constrained NLP     |
| `tronls`   | JSOSolvers.jl | Least-squares versions of `tron`                                    | Unconstrained NLS         |
| `trunk`    | JSOSolvers.jl | Factorization-free trust-region second-order or quasi-Newton method | Unconstrained NLP         |
| `trunkls`  | JSOSolvers.jl | Least-squares version of `trunk`                                    | Unconstrained NLS         |

## Types of problems

Our optimization problems can be defined as

$$\text{minimize} \quad f(x) \quad \text{subject to} \quad x \in \Omega.$$

Our constraint types and their meanings are:
- Unconstrained: $\Omega = \R^n$.
- Bound constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ \ell \leq x \leq u\}$.
- Equality constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ c(x) = 0\}$.
- Generally constrained: $\Omega = \{x \in \R^n |\ c_L \leq c(x) \leq c_U \}$, where $c_{L_i} = c_{U_i}$ is a valid possibility, as are $c_{L_i} = -\infty$ and $c_{U_i} = \infty$, but not at the same time.

In addition to differences in the constraints, we also have different objective types:
- **NLP**: General objective.

>   The objective $f(x)$ of these problems have no special structure being explored. Access its derivatives through the default NLPModels.jl API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The objective $f(x)$ of these problems has no special structure to exploit. Access to its derivatives occurs through the default NLPModels.jl API.
```
